library(shinythemes)
library(shiny)
library(bslib)



ui <- fluidPage( 
  theme = bs_theme(version = 4, bootswatch = "cerulean"),
  navbarPage("CCL",
             tabPanel("Welcome",
                      h1(strong("Welcome to Champions of the Champions League (CCL)"), style = "font-size:50px;"),
                      p("If you have wanted to know everything about the Champions League this application is perfect for you!
             Here, you are able to discover not only which European football teams and countries have perforemed the best, 
             but also explore everything about the matches played and even predictions on who might play eachother in the furture, 
             all over the entire 65+ years of champions league history."), style = "font-size: 20px;",
                      p("Now go out there and explore the past and potentional future of 
             the Champions League!")),
             
             navbarMenu("Descriptive Analytics", 
                        tabPanel("Clubs Summary",
                                 h1("Clubs summary"),
                                 p("Here you’ll find the entire dataset that includes all the matches 
                                   played in the history of the Champions League. Each row in the dataset 
                                   represents a unique match. For each of these matches, the round within the 
                                   champions league, the clubs that faced each other during the match, the countries 
                                   both clubs are from, and the goals scored by both clubs are specified. If you wish 
                                   to search for a specific match you’ll be able to use the search filter placed above 
                                   the table."), style = "font-size: 20px;",
                                 p("Furthermore, below the table, you will be able to search for the best performing clubs
                                   and countries from a particular season. You can do this by selecting a season that you 
                                   are interested in in the search bar located on the left side of the page. The clubs and 
                                   countries that will be displayed are on ones that won and that made it to the semi-final of the tournament. ")),    
                        tabPanel("Countries Summary",
                                 h1("Countries summary"),
                                 p("In the country summary section, you will be able to analyse the performance of the countries 
                                   that you are interested in. The table you see below will display different interesting 
                                   information about the countries that you select. For each country, the total number of 
                                   unique teams that have at least played in the Champions League ones is displayed. 
                                   Furthermore, the total number of games played by teams from the country and the number 
                                   of participants are shown as well. Finally, you will be able to see the average number 
                                   of participants from these countries and the number of trophies won by them."), style = "font-size: 20px;",
                                 p("Below the table, a histogram will be displayed showing the number of trophies won by the 
                                   different countries. On the left side of the histogram, you will be able to change a slider
                                   based on the years you wish to include in the histogram. This will result in the histogram 
                                   only showing the winners from that specific period.   ")), 
                        tabPanel("Clubs summary",
                                 h1("Clubs summary"),
                                 p("TEST"), style = "font-size: 20px;",
                                 p("Test"))), 
             navbarMenu("Network Analytics",
                        tabPanel("Teams - Network Descriptive Analytics",
                                 h1("Teams - Network Descriptive Analytics"),
                                 p("Welcome to the network descriptive analytics of the teams. On this page, you will be able to find
                                   all kinds of information on the network of all the different clubs that have participated in the 
                                   Champions League. Firstly, on the left side of your screen, you can find some summary information
                                   on the number of nodes, number of edges, the average path length, the average clustering coefficient,
                                   the diameter, and the average degree of the network. "), style = "font-size: 20px;",
                                 p("To complement this information, a table is added that displays the different teams and their specific
                                   degree, closeness, betweenness, and ecvent. Below this table, the degree distribution of the network is 
                                   displayed in the form of a bar chart. To Filter the presented information, you will be able to select the 
                                   season(s) and teams that you are interested in. Finally, to search for specific teams, you can use the 
                                   search bar located above the data table. ")), 
                        tabPanel("Countries - Network Descriptive Analytics",
                                 h1("Countries - Network Descriptive Analytics"),
                                 p("Welcome to the network descriptive analytics of the countries. On this page, you will be able to find 
                                   all kinds of information on the network of all the different countries that have participated in the 
                                   Champions League. Firstly, on the left side of your screen, you can find some summary information on the 
                                   number of nodes, number of edges, the average path length, the average clustering coefficient, the diameter,
                                   and the average degree of the network. "), style = "font-size: 20px;",
                                 p("To complement this information, a table is added that displays the different countries and their specific
                                   degree, closeness, betweenness, and ecvent. Below this table, the degree distribution of the network is displayed 
                                   in the form of a bar chart. To Filter the presented information, you will be able to select the season(s) and 
                                   countries that you are interested in. Finally, to search for specific countries, you can use the search bar located 
                                   above the data table. ")),
                        tabPanel("Projection into the team space",
                                 h1("Projection into the club space"),
                                 p("By creating a projection into the network of Champions League clubs, users can easily see what opponents their
                                   favourite club has been playing with and how centrally located their club is in the network. More centrally located 
                                   clubs play more matches, and can thus be seen as more successful in the champions league. Furthermore, the bigger 
                                   the clubs are displayed in the network, the more games they played."), style = "font-size: 20px;",
                                 p("By using some of the filters, users can select 
                                   specific seasons, [FILTER 2] or [FILTER 3]. The projection was created using [METHOD 1].")),
                        tabPanel("Projection into the country space",
                                 h1("Projection into the country space"),
                                 p("Over the many years that the Champion’s League has been taking place, many countries have had different clubs playing
                                   matches. By creating a projection into the country space, fans can identify how their home country or country of choice
                                   has been competing against other countries, regardless of the soccer club they support. Furthermore, the more central and
                                   bigger the country is displayed in the network, the more games they have played."), style = "font-size: 20px;",
                                 p(" By using some of the filters, users can select specific seasons, [FILTER 2] or [FILTER 3]. The projection was created
                                   using [METHOD 1]."))),
             navbarMenu("Deep Dive Analytics",
                        tabPanel("Link prediction: Who faces who?",
                                 h1("Link prediction: Who wins next?"),
                                 p("The link prediction shown below can give you a better understanding of the possibilities that two
                                   clubs play each other in the future. You can do this by selecting a club you want to analyse on the 
                                   left side of your screen under “Choose a club that you want to predict”. To illustrate how it works
                                   we select AC Milan as an example. Subsequently, to be able to analyse who is more likely to play each 
                                   other, select two different clubs under “Choose another club”."), style = "font-size: 20px;",
                                 p("In our example, we choose Sporting CP and Real Madrid CF. The output that is shown is a Jaccard index
                                   of your selected teams. The output shows a ratio of all the clubs played by club 1, that club 2 also 
                                   played against.  In our case, the Jaccard index between Ac Milan and Sporting CP is 0.1494253 and from 
                                   AC Milan and Real Madrid CF is 0.3488372. This shows that AC Milan and Real Madrid CF play against similar 
                                   clubs and thus the match between AC Milan and Real Madrid CF is more likely to happen. ")),
                        tabPanel("Inference",
                                 h1("Inference"),
                                 p("Test"), style = "font-size: 20px;",
                                 p("test"))),
  )
)


server <- function(input, output) {
}

shinyApp(ui = ui, server = server)
